alright hey everybody Wisconsin bull
here and today I'm gonna be doing a
review of to my gloves first I will send
800 and then uh I'm gonna do a review of
my Rawlings catcher's mitt
so about what's an 800 so eleven and a
half inches infielders meant
game ready Soph a but it does not come
game ready you still had to break it in
and really make it yours I guess so um
but yes it's very nice glove I like it a
lot it took me about a week to break it
in and what I did is just I really just
pounded it flipped it inside out a
couple of times and played catch with it
I didn't do any oil lling or didn't do
the hot water method and yeah I think it
turned out well so uh yeah and then it's
I had to in the pinky well now so yeah
it has a nice pocket long laces and long
lists you can click them and uh I or H
web and yeah it's just a really nice
glove it has the dual rough vaulting and
yes I really like it it's just a nice
glove it's dark brown all around except
for the stitching by the lab and the
stitching by the wrist it's dark brown
lacing and if you don't like the long
lacing you can always cut them and yeah
she says the classic yellow Wilson I'm
logo I'm black in front of black and
yeah as the mobi logo there so I got
dark brown and the lighter brown and
it's just a good mat for intermediate
players like I said before in my bag
video it's link for the the link for
that will be in the description below
but yeah it's good for intermediate
players who don't want to spend as much
money it's like a mm rate okay and it's
disclosed it's good for like younger
players and I'm gonna use it for my
first year or two in high school
so yeah it's good obviously it's not as
good as like a a mm or a 2k like leather
wise but I really like this I really do
it's a good mitt
and yeah it's nice
all right so now I'm gonna move on to my
Rawlings well thanks catcher's mitt it's
a light tow player preferred catcher's
mitt it's mark of a pro and down there
it's just bead grip I think something oh
but this is a great catches mate
I really like it got it for $60 pretty
cheap this is there are CM 30 tmd yeah I
just really liked this cloth it took me
longer to break in maybe about a month
before I really felt confident behind
the plate and yeah so like it's all
black except for the padding on the
thumb and the pinky and over those other
fingers but yeah it's really nice as a
good leather really liked it and then if
you see as you can see there I don't
know if you guys can see that but it's
zero shock sting reduce sing reduce in
technology yeah alright so yeah but I
mean it's it's good padding but
obviously uh sometimes there are social
stingers but yeah it's just a nice
overall catcher's mitt to break this in
I did I put the oil on it and cooked it
and then I really just pounded it after
that and played catch with it and yeah
it's just I kind of used it when I use
it when it wasn't very working in but I
mean it still works even if it's not
really where you'd like it yet I mean
you can still use it that's what I did
and it worked fine I really liked it and
yeah so it's just the overall good
catcher's mitt both of these gloves are
very good and I would definitely
recommend them both to really anybody so
yeah
just overall a very good
very good catcher's glove for not a very
expensive price you know that's a big
deal for a lot of people will just
economy so yeah all right guys I hope
you guys enjoyed if you did hit that
like button subscribe if you haven't
already and check out my other video
again the link will be in the
description below
right share with your friends and
goodbye hope you enjoyed